fix: enforce absolute path for server.sourcemapIgnoreList (#12309)
vitejs/vite: docs/config/server-options.md

Whether or not to ignore source files in the server sourcemap, used to populate the [`x_google_ignoreList` source map extension](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/devtools-better-angular-debugging/#the-x_google_ignorelist-source-map-extension).

> `server.sourcemapIgnoreList` is the equivalent of [build.rollupOptions.output.sourcemapIgnoreList](https://rollupjs.org/configuration-options/#output-sourcemapignorelist) for the dev server. A difference between the two config options is that the rollup functions is called with a relative path for `sourcePath` while `server.sourcemapIgnoreList` is called with an absolute path. During dev, most modules have the map and the source on the same folder, so the relative path for `sourcePath` is the file name in these cases. Using absolute paths allow the use of `sourcePath` directly in these cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`server.sourcemapIgnoreList` is the equivalent of [build.rollupOptions.output.sourcemapIgnoreList](https://rollupjs.org/configuration-options/#output-sourcemapignorelist) for the dev server. A difference between the two config options is that the rollup function is called with a relative path for `sourcePath` while `server.sourcemapIgnoreList` is called with an absolute path. During dev, most modules have the map and the source in the same folder, so the relative path for `sourcePath` is the file name itself. In these cases, absolute paths makes it convenient to be used instead.
```

Maybe something like this could work to avoid the double "in these cases", and explain that it's absolute for convenience 🤔

Reviewer 2: Sounds good 👍
